you
I'll have a trivia game which housewives
said this quote during the season 5
premiere I don't stir the pot I stir the
drink hey Sonja Morgan and she does stir
the drink
she loves to entertain she loves to have
fun I don't stir the pot miss Sonja
Morgan I stir the drink she is
definitely a drinks terror and a stirrer
she knows how to make a great drink I
love to entertain and if people aren't
having fun I'm the first one to put the
lampshade on my head
interesting which housewife said this
and who was she talking about she is a
thug in a cocktail dress I have no idea
I feel like Alex said it Alex McCord
said it said it about well we all know
that's my girlfriend Alex McCord
she was actually talking about me oh my
goodness that was Alex talking about
LuAnn that was the funniest one-liner
Alex ever had if that would be the only
one finer she ever had which housewife
past her present is a graduate of the
Fashion Institute of Technology it's not
Ramona because she went to like a
two-year school from it's either Ramona
or Jill Zarin it's one of them
I think Jill Zarin oh I think Ramona may
be my co-star Ramona Singer would be the
graduate of the Fashion Institute of
Technology
voila I graduated actually from the
first four-year program from fitt I got
a Bachelor of Science theorist
the show may be on its fifth season but
how many women were on the cast in
season one I think Alex and that dude
were on two so they there were six seven
if I'm wrong at six but definitely not
five and definitely not eight
I'm gonna guess five I'm gonna go with
five it was me it was Jill it was
Bethenny it was Alex
oh and LuAnn by five only five so I'm
wrong before it became Real Housewives
what was the original name of Real
Housewives of New York moms in New York
I have no idea because it wasn't mommy
something is not all of them had kid
Manhattan moms and that's why I signed
up Manhattan moms that's what I am
Manhattan moms there you go okay well I
got close and they kept the all the
original Manhattan mom cast and just
change the name it's like the
poltergeist so they just took the
tombstones and left bodies